
After being rejected from joining Hellgorger's Howlers, Walner Snout orchestrated Abby's kidnapping, but was caught and imprisoned. Despite this he managed to coach a team of his own, the Snoutstars, which lost in the quarterfinals of season two to the East India Stabbing Company. He escaped prison, upon which he killed a fourteen year-old girl to steal her orb so he could publicly declare his vengeance on the British. Experts name him the 37th most violent BloodBowl player.
Did you know the famous Coach Gabe Orn, former head of the Sausage Slammers and the Enlightened Gentelmen, has quit BloodBowl all together? Despite his success, he decided to focus on escaping the cycle of samsara and hasn’t been seen since.
Savage Scrimmage Series funding is handled by goblin financier Grimblo Greednuts. Many accuse him of being greedy, shortsighted, and easily bribed, but he's also embezzling funds into an offshore account in Albion.
Did you know the record for highest scoring match is from the very first season of the Savage Scrimmage Series! In the quarterfinals of playoffs, Seagram's Seargants and the Philadelphia Plea Deals managed to score a cumulative seven touchdowns before the whistle blew, with the Plea Deals making it just barely out ahead. No other match so far has come close to this incredible score.
The season three Creatively Bankrupt Team is full of members "inspired" by previous stars. Coach Temu spends 80% of the team's earnings on fighting copyright infringement lawsuits.
An annual family reunion gathers a wide assortment of unusual characters, such as Troy DiLillo, Trorc DiLorco, Tralala DiHalflillo, and more. None of them are quite sure how they're related, but none ever turn down the invitation. None except for T. MacDaddylillo, who lost his spot due to his abysmal coaching of the Final Fentasy during season three.
Ball Boy of the Sausage Slammers managed to win season one's MVP award. Despite only being third most experienced and the second best scoring, losing to Bobby Bipolar of the Avenue Assailants on both counts, Ball Boy was beloved by the fans and won the popularity vote.
Did you know that BloodBowl 3 doesn't exist? It just doesn't, and any differing information you might find is made up to gaslight you.
Never In Doubt of the Snoutstars spent the second season encouraging BloodBowl players everywhere to take pride in the game and play fair. Did he find practically no success? It was never in doubt!
Did you know the record for player with the fastest consecutive deaths is held by J.K. Rowling? Starting her career on the East India Stabbing Company, she was slaughtered by Baerwyn's Breakers, who accepted her into their pack with Nurgle's grace. Instead of getting a second chance, she was immediately killed in the next match by Literally Underworld.
Do you know your PEMDAS? P: Pick up your knocked down players -> E: Eat a sandwich -> M: Move free players -> D: Dick down one of the cheerleaders -> A: Attack with two dice -> S: Single-dice parlays
After teaching the Race Traitors the true meaning of being a dwarf, Doctor Defense turned his attention to upholding the honor of the Savage Scrimmage Series. He formed the League of BloodBowl Protectors, bringing together an elite group of ex-BloodBowl players for one purpose: killing people at the slightest provocation.
Never In Doubt of the Snoutstars spent the second season encouraging BloodBowl players everywhere to take pride in the game and play fair. Did he find practically no success? It was never in doubt!